Atlas alps/mx PCB addition (#11884)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/cannonkeys/atlas_alps/readme.md

> Cannon Key Atlas_Alps
> ===
> 
> The Atlas_Alps PCB is an alternate PCB for the Atlas as sold by Cannon Keys. Instead of hotswap, it includes compatibility for Alps and MX switches.
> 
> Keyboard Maintainer: Nasp  
> Hardware Supported: Atlas Atmega 32u4   
> Hardware Availability: https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=106683.msg2975081#msg2975081

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Cannon Keys Atlas_Alps

The Atlas_Alps PCB is an alternate PCB for the Atlas as sold by Cannon Keys. Instead of hotswap, it includes compatibility for Alps and MX switches.

* Keyboard Maintainer: Nasp
* Hardware Supported: ATmega32U4
* Hardware Availability: https://geekhack.org/index.php?topic=106683.msg2975081#msg2975081
```
